doc(app-security): how to initilize the security.AppSecurity module (AEROGEAR-8681) (#672)
aerogear/mobile-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/app-security/proc-calling-the-app-security-clientInit.adoc

> = Using the App Security Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Using the {app-security-service} Service
```

Author: :+1:

Call the appSecurity clientInit function to implement the App Security Service. Call this service on application initialization.
 
[tabs]
====
Cordova::
+
--
// end::excludeDownstream[]
[source,javascript]
----
appSecurity.clientInit()
.then(clientInit => {
  /**  
    You can use clientInit.data.disabled boolean 
    to check if app has been disabled by admin.

>     The disabled message will be return if the app is disabled 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The disabled message is displayed if the app is disabled 
```

Author: Won't be displayed unless the developer/user implements it, I think returned is correct in this case

Reviewer 2: gotcha, but also change to present tense, "the message is returned".. makes things easier in the long run

>     The disabled message will be return if the app is disabled 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The disabled message will be returned if the app is disabled 
```

Author: :+1:
